Previously on Roswell, New Mexico...
50 years after the incident,
I woke up in here.
We had no memories or
rudimentary skills.
I know my sister was
murdered by an alien.
I think there's a fourth
alien in Roswell.
It's Noah.
- Did you love Rosa Ortecho?
- Of course I did.
He's got Liz's serum coursing
through his veins... It'll kill him.
Some smoke bomb went off
in my jacket pocket.
This yellow powder is
rendering us powerless.
Why do I know you?
- She's my...
- Your mother.
We have ten minutes to get
out of this building.
Grab everything that you can.
Hard drives, anything.
Are you all capable of
electrostatic discharge,
releasing energy intentionally?
If you can heal with
electricity, can you also harm?
Kills make us stronger.
You could be strong
if you weren't so afraid
of yourself.
Destruction is power.
You felt like a god.
Liz, give me the antidote.
This is the end of Noah's story.
Not until I get some answers.
We need to get him the antidote.
- That's not gonna happen.
- This is how
it's gonna go, Max.
When I committed my life to science,
I stopped believing in magic...
in fairy tales with happy endings...
in gods...
and in ghosts.
But then I met a demon,
a creature who could
possess an innocent.
So I can't help but ask:
if the devil is real,
what else walks amongst us?
Listen to me, Michael.
There is nothing Noah has to say
that is worth keeping him alive.
I had a family, Max.
I had a mother.
I saw her.
She's been a few miles away
our whole lives at some
prison called Caulfield
being tortured,
- and we never knew.
- What? How...
There are survivors
from the 1947 crash.
There  were survivors.
They all just got flambéed
on the order of Alex Manes's father.
Listen, if there's any chance
Noah knows anything about this, we...
we have to take that chance.
Think about what he did to Isobel.
Whatever you saw out there,
I am  so sorry.
But Noah is not the answer
you're looking for.
No.
He's not.
My... my mom was.
But he's all we got.
Look, he's weak. He's weak.
He'll never... be able to
stand up to both of us
if we work together.
We can...
keep our guns on him.
We give him the antidote...
and we torture the
information out of him.
It's too risky.
We are minutes away
from this guy being a bad memory.
You're not gonna shoot me.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
He's the only chance we have
to know about our family.
I know my family.
You are my family!
I am...
so sorry, but I need him dead.
I don't care what you need!
Where's the antidote?
I know you stole some from Liz's lab.
In the cave,
- with my pod.
- Let's go, then.
Come on, get up.
Let's go!
Hey.
Come on.
- Synced and corrected by martythecrazy -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Rough night?
You need some tequila.
I need you.
Long day, and I am trying to forget
everything about being an
adult for a little while.
- Mm.
- Mm-hmm.
Ooh.
I always loved this.
When did your mom give it to you?
High school graduation.
She took it off her neck,
put it on mine.
Do you know what this flower is?
Mm-mm.
It's rare.
It only grows in one spot
- in the Libyan desert.
- Weird.
How do you know that?
I found this yellow powder.
I had a sample tested,
and it's a pollen.
Uh, it's a long story.
It's boring, science-y.
Oh. It's a family heirloom.
Mom always said
it protected us from evil.
Used to remind me of the long line
of badass women I come from.
Used to?
Guerin fixed it, and
now it just reminds me
of his stupid face,
stupid voice, stupid hands...
Oh, my God. Oh, my God!
- No. Oh, my God, you...
- Don't, don't, don't say it.
It doesn't matter, because...
Alex is in love with him, so...
Yeah.
Guerin is Alex's museum guy.
That's a lot.
Um...
have you talked to Alex,
told him how you feel?
No, I just...
I feel so guilty.
Hey. You can't choose who you fall for.
Love is scary.
If we could choose, we
wouldn't fall at all, and...
what's the fun in that?
You can't be guilty of
something you can't control.
Yeah.
We agreed to go over the
Caulfield hard drives
in the morning.
Yeah, well, turns out I couldn't sleep.
I thought I'd get a head start.
There's security camera footage
on the drives I stole.
That's Subject N-38.
The alien that can give a
man stage IV brain cancer.
The monster that killed your father.
That's my father.
He was pushed.
And that...
is the monster who killed him.
Welcome back to town, sir.
Master Sergeant.
I'm sorry I failed you at Caulfield.
Ah, we had our research backed up.
We weren't keeping the bomb prototype
on the premises anyway.
Let's be honest, those specimens
weren't gonna last much longer.
Now I'm more concerned about
the unwanted visitors
who survived the Caulfield explosion.
Unwanted visitors? It was Alex, Dad.
What was I supposed to do?
We'll handle your brother in due time.
But first there's another
loose end I have to tie up.
Valenti.
You've reached Max Evans.
Please leave a message.
If this is an emergency,
please call 911.
Max, hey.
Uh, wanted to see if it's done.
Uh, the handprint faded.
I can't feel him anymore.
Thought you might want to know.
I'm coming back to your place.
I'll bring food and...
milkshakes.
♪ I want to hold the hand ♪
♪ Inside you ♪
♪ I want to take ♪
♪ The breath that's true ♪
We're closed!
♪ Fade... ♪
How about a cherry cola?
♪ I look to you and I see nothing ♪
♪ I look to you ♪
♪ To see the truth ♪
You look like her,
but you're nothing like Rosa.
She's hope and fire.
I felt you through the handprint.
You're jaded
and so guilty...
Aw, come on, you know better.
_
Michael.
Hey, bud.
Come on, bud.
Thought you were the smart sister.
Max, what...?
I tried to call.
Michael will be fine.
I healed him.
We should get out of
here before he wakes up.
I'll explain in the car.
What?
Let's go.
- Max.
- Liz. Thank God.
Are you okay?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Noah's on the loose.
No.
He's not, actually. I
have him in my freezer.
I dosed him
with the pollen, but
I didn't have much.
I don't know how long
it's gonna last, Max.
This won't end well for you!
You just put a lion in a paper cage!
Okay, Isobel and I are on our way.
Get out of there.
I'm not leaving. If he gets out,
we need to stop him
before he kills someone.
Liz, go.
Just get here.
What are you gonna do when your
imbecile father comes down
for breakfast in the morning, huh?
I'll fry him like bacon.
Rosa loved her family.
She would be disgusted by you.
You didn't deserve to know her.
You don't know her.
She didn't tell you her secrets, Liz.
She told me.
It's true, Liz.
You know she made your mother leave?
She told her never to come back
or she'd tell you and Arturo the truth.
What truth?
About her father.
Rosa isn't Arturo Ortecho's daughter.
Your mother knew it, too.
- She knew all along...
- Shut up!
That Rosa is a Valenti.
Would you look at that?
Wore off quick.
Rosa isn't yours, Liz.
She's mine.
She will always be mine.
Liz.
He got out.
I'm coming to you.
No, I-I'm fine.
Noah needs to kill to
regain his strength.
Somebody will die if you
don't stop him now.
I think I know where he might be.
Call it a loving wife's intuition.
Are you sure you're okay, Liz?
Yes. I'm fine.
Okay.
Max.
Yeah.
Stay safe.
Watch it.
I'm sorry.
Folks don't look where they're
going where you're from?
Where do you think that is?
Just curious.
Mexico?
Sorry it took me so long.
I swear I was being followed.
I had to lose the guy.
Tonight's been hell.
Liz?
Noah.
- Needle and thread.
- Uh, linen closet upstairs.
My mom's old kit. Kyle,
don't wake my dad.
How'd you know he was here?
Iz.
Please stay in the car.
Maximo, what took you so long?
Isobel. Iso... Stop.
Isobel can't come to
the phone right now.
Neat trick, huh?
You made her bring me here.
She was traumatized,
so I snuck into her beautiful mind.
You're fast, cowboy, but I'm faster.
See, if you practiced,
you'd be better at this.
What are you doing to me?
Tying your intestines in a knot.
Hurts, doesn't it?
The whole duel to the
death at high noon thing
is fun, man, but any
redneck can work a gun.
I prefer to get creative.
We should be at the hospital.
They'd make me answer
too many questions.
Mm-mm. I'm fine. We don't
have time for all that.
All that anesthesia. Those
sanitary instruments.
He said I didn't know Rosa.
He said she was your father's daughter.
And that she died
knowing that, and she never told me.
M-Maybe...
she just couldn't find the right time.
You knew?
You lost a sister, too.
What happened?
I'm fine. It's not my blood.
What are you doing here?
I... I wanted to see you.
Alex, it's a really bad time.
O-Okay.
Look...
I shouldn't have left you behind
when I enlisted.
I could... I could stand
here and tell you
that I didn't want to leave, but I did.
After what my dad did
to you, I just, I...
I wanted to be the kind of
person who won battles.
It felt good.
But now I-I look in the mirror,
and I-I don't even see
myself sometimes.
I see my father.
I'm still fighting his battles.
Not mine.
You're gonna die.
I have to go.
I have to go. I have to go.
Come back tomorrow. We can talk then.
Isobel.
She won't wake up for a while.
It's hard on her body, being inhabited.
But she likes it rough sometimes.
I am going to kill you.
Why are you keeping us alive?
Huh?
What are you leveraging us for?
The alighting.
They're coming for us, Maximo.
I'd hoped we could go
as a family, but...
- plans change.
- What's the alighting?
- Who are they?
- I told you when we left.
Our home was ravaged by war.
They are the ones who were victorious.
Whichever side won,
they'd never just leave us here.
Well... they'd never leave  you here.
Why me?
What do they want with me?
You're the savior.
Now that you're all grown up,
they'll come. Maybe not this year
or the next, but it doesn't matter.
I've had my fun with the three of you.
Now it's time to put you back
in the pods so when they come,
I'll be waiting to trade
you for a ride home.
You got it all wrong.
I'm no savior.
You have no idea what
you're capable of.
You're like a human.
Using a tiny percentage
of your potential,
believing you only have
one kind of power.
Unlock your mind,
and you could be a god.
No. I'm not.
Come on! All those books,
and you haven't figured religion out?
You haven't guessed who those
stories are really about?
Strange creatures with
familiar features
coming down from the heavens.
Parting the seas.
Striking people down
with bolts of lightning.
You're having a heart attack.
When they come for you,
they'll want you alive.
But barely will do.
Are you okay?
I'm not... I'm not strong enough.
Hold him off, Michael.
We are Ophiuchus, Max.
The man and the serpent,
the serpent and the man.
They're not killing each other.
They are one!
Max!
It's over, isn't it?
Yes.
I just had one last
thing to say to you.
You're not my person, Noah.
That's why I never wanted
to tell you my secret.
I don't love you.
I never did.
Take care of her, Isobel.
Rifle? Semiautomatic pistol?
I just want a gun.
$249.99.
No background check?
Where do you think you
are, son, California?
You hit your head or something?
You look messed up.
I'm not the kind of guy who buys a gun.
A few months ago I was a surgeon
on my way to my high school reunion,
and now I got a dead sister
and a dad who was killed
by his closest friend.
And... by the way, I have this feeling
that guy's following me,
even though he's in friggin' Africa.
So I'm... losing it.
You know...
I used to be a real dick.
And then my dad died, and I
started living by his code.
But it turns out being a
good person doesn't matter.
Do no harm, they say.
And then the world's on fire
and you're sitting there
with your thumb up your ass
because you don't want to do damage.
So I'm done...
with the code.
Screw the code.
Look, it's late, and you're
obviously in a bad way.
Look, so you won't... sell me the gun?
My friend, it is your God-given
right as an American citizen
to protect yourself.
It's just, uh, I can knock off
25 bucks for the "family
and friends" deal,
'cause I'm sympathetic to your plight.
I got into his head...
right before he died.
What?
Why?
I had to tell him something.
All you've wanted for years
was to be honest with him.
At least you were, in the end.
That's a good thing, Iz.
I told him I never loved him.
So the last thing I ever
said to him was a lie.
He said something to me, though.
"Take care of her."
It doesn't make any sense.
A lot of answers died with Noah.
And a lot of evil. I mean,
come on, guys, this is a win.
We don't need his answers.
Why you're here doesn't have
anything to do with our
past or where we come from.
Why you're here is about our future.
Quit looking in your
rearview mirror, Michael.
What are you doing?
You don't need to live in the past.
No, no, don't, no.
Please!
You don't need the pain
to remind you of who you are.
Max,
people-people-people will notice.
This is Roswell.
Max?
Max!
Liz?
LIZ: Oh!
It's okay. It's done, he's gone,
and he's not coming back.
Are you okay?
I'm better than I have been
in a long time.
What...?
It's okay.
- Liz...
- I'm fine.
Nothing hurts. Please don't stop.
What are you doing?
Do it.
- No. I shouldn't...
- Please.
I want you to feel what I feel for you.
Echoes.
Everything.
He must have a secret
hideout somewhere.
He told you he was hiding
more antidote in a cave.
Well, it's got to be
around here somewhere.
He was the only person I ever loved.
What does that say about me?
Nothing.
We're defined by what we can control.
Love is out of control.
Love is the worst thing
that ever happened to me,
and I was in a... spaceship crash.
You know...
you never want to talk
about Alex Manes,
but... you do realize
that my romantic troubles
now officially trump your
flimsy little closet, right?
He knows everything.
His family is involved
in the conspiracy
that tortured and killed
the other aliens.
He's tangled up in all
these terrible memories
in my life, and...
I love him.
I probably always will.
But lately that love just hurts.
Coming back to him, it always
feels like a crash landing.
Maybe Max is right.
Maybe it's time we stop
looking back and...
start looking forward.
Hey.
That's Noah's pod.
Oh...
Rosa.
All right, I get it.
Now that you've had me,
the mystery's gone.
And you're just gonna
take off and leave me
- Mm.
- Utterly debauched
and entirely alone.
Mm, you got me.
This whole time I was just
trying to get into your pants.
It was the uniform, frankly.
- Mm.
- Mm-hmm.
Stay.
- That's yours.
- Isobel?
_
She's been through a nightmare, Max.
Go see your sister.
And I'm going to see mine.
I can come with you.
No.
I got to go on my own.
You know, I always...
thought if I had all the answers,
I would feel better, but...
somehow now that the mystery is solved,
that the villain is vanquished
and that it's all really over...
she feels even more gone.
I just...
I got to get used to this
whole new kind of grief.
And I got to do that on my own.
I knew you were gonna...
Say hello to Jim for me, son.
Bulletproof vest, huh?
Nicely done.
I wanted to buy a gun...
but I couldn't do it.
I'm not like you.
I'm not a killer.
Oh, so you... you know about your dad.
An alien killed his daughter,
and he still wanted to
shut Caulfield down.
The alien that killed Rosa
wasn't in your torture chamber.
You tried to cover up the kills.
And your dad conducted the cover-ups.
I wanted them exposed.
I wanted the American people to arm...
Ah!
Barbiturates.
You're about to enter a
medically-induced coma,
Master Sergeant.
Don't worry.
I'll get you to the hospital
before any of your vital
organs shut down.
I hope your doctor's
a real man of honor.
Someone with a code.
Though, I suppose, it depends on
what their version of honor is.
One nation's soldier is
another's terrorist.
Isn't that right, Master Sergeant?
He's had her here all this time?
How?
Dug her up, maybe?
Or body-snatched someone
who works at the morgue,
made them deliver her fresh.
- Does it matter?
- I-I need to call Liz.
And tell her what, exactly?
That all this time,
Rosa's been some naked,
burned-up trophy on display?
Maybe we don't put it like that.
I can't keep this secret from her.
This will haunt her nightmares.
What if...?
How long do you think she was
dead before he put her in there?
Max, you tried to save
her ten years ago.
What-what if we're only using
a-a piece of our potential?
What if we could unlock more?
You mean, like different powers?
Or stronger ones; Noah was
more powerful than us.
Stop!
You can't resurrect a girl
that's been dead a decade.
We can't undo the past.
We can make a plan, once things settle,
to give Rosa a proper burial,
once we-we take the
time to just be normal.
Happy, maybe.
♪ Yeah, as much as we love this town ♪
Hey, DeLuca.
♪ Hell, it ain't always that way ♪
♪ Bringing us right back down ♪
Let me guess, you, uh, you're closed?
♪ And I had my eye on a pretty girl ♪
♪ Once in a while ♪
♪ She was looking back at me ♪
♪ She'd come and go like the CTA ♪
♪ And every time I had her,
well, I thought she'd stay ♪
No. We're, um...
we're open, actually.
Hmm.
That's good.
We really need to...
- Talk.
- Yeah.
Yeah.
We will.
Uh, first, you... you mind if I...?
Sure.
If you can, uh, hear me...
you probably know I don't believe
you can actually hear me.
And I think I'm an idiot
for talking to a rock.
But you believed in something.
You believed in a God who put
a cage around your heart
to protect it, so here I am.
I'm in love with Max Evans.
I never said it.
Probably 'cause a tiny
17-year-old piece of me
thought you might hear it.
I haven't forgotten what he did to you.
And I felt so guilty...
for loving him.
But I do... love him.
And he loves me.
I wish you had the chance
to have someone love you,
Rosa, purely,
without expectation or entitlement.
I wish you had time to let...
your heart out of its cage.
And I wish... Oh...
Ah, I wish I could just... call you,
and tell you everything, but...
Max.
Max!
Liz?
How...? I-I... I don't understand.
Oh...
Don't be afraid.
I'm here. Okay?
I'm here. It's gonna be okay.
Rosa, where's Max?
Max.
Hey, Max.
Wake up.
♪ I can't breathe ♪
No. No.
Come on!
Come on.
- Synced and corrected by martythecrazy -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org